The GENIVI Media Manager CrossWalk extension is a part of the GENIVI Media Manager project, and delies on the core component of the Media Manager to function. The core component of the Media Manager, found here: http://git.projects.genivi.org/media-manager.git, needs to be installed in order to use the CrossWalk extension.

This CrossWalk extension provides an interface to the Media Manager component for CrossWalk applications. The extension exposes a JavaScript API to the CrossWalk application which allows the application to trigger functionality in the Media Manager.

This Doxygen documentation does not document the JavaScript API, this is done in a separate documentation due to Doxygen lacking JavaScript support. In this Doxygen documentation, the C and C++ parts f the code are documented. The documentation for the JavaScript API can be generated using the following command from the root source directory of the extension:

    make jsdoc

\remark JSDoc (version 3.3 or later) and NodeJS need to be installed in order to generate the JavaScript API documentation. The tutorial section of the JavaScript API documentation is written in Markdown, which can be parsed using Doxygen, and is found under the "Related pages" in this documentation. The actual API documentation is not parsed by Doxygen. The preferred way to read the tutorial section is though the JavaScript API docs generated by JSDoc, since references to JavaScript functions will be resolved there, but reading it through Doxygen can be convenient for those not interested in the API. Once the documentation has been built, it can be found in under doc/jsdoc/ in your build directory.

A comprehensive (as in building all components) building documentation of the Media Manager can be found in the documentation of the Media Manager core component, and this will not be repeated here.
